Periodical Prow job deleting old images (#305)
knative/test-infra: tools/cleanup/README.md

# Resources Clean Up Tool
This tool is designed to clean up staled resources from gcr, for now it only deletes old images created during testing.

## Basic Usage

> Directly invoke [cleanup.sh](cleanup.sh) script with certain flags. There is no-op if invoking or sourcing this script without argumements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directly invoke [cleanup.sh](cleanup.sh) script with certain flags. There is no-op if invoking or sourcing this script without arguments.
```

### Clean up old images from multiple projects
Projects to be cleaned up are expected to be defined in a `resources.yaml` file. To remove old images from them, call [cleanup.sh](cleanup.sh) with action "delete-old-gcr-images" and following flags:
- "--project-resource-yaml" as path of `resources.yaml` file - Mandatory
- "--re-project-name" for regex matching projects names - Optional, default `knative-boskos-[a-zA-Z0-9]+`
- "--days-to-keep" - Optional, default `365`

Example:

```./cleanup.sh "delete-old-gcr-images" --project-resource-yaml "ci/prow/boskos/resources.yaml" --days-to-keep 90```

> ### Clean up old images from specified project

Reviewer: As I mentioned before "project" makes me think of a GCP project. Please use "gcr" instead, here and throughout this doc.

> Cleaning up from specific project is supported, but not in "protected" projects, e.g. "release" or "nightly" projects. Call [cleanup.sh](cleanup.sh) with action "delete-old-gcr-images-from-project" and following flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cleaning up from specific gcr is supported, except for some special ones (_knative-release_ and _knative-nightly_). Call [cleanup.sh](cleanup.sh) with action "delete-old-gcr-images-from-project" and following flags:
```

- "--project-to-cleanup" as name of gcr project, e.g. "gcr.io/foo" - Mandatory
- "--days-to-keep" - Optional, default `365`

Example:

```./cleanup.sh "delete-old-gcr-images-from-project" --project-to-cleanup "gcr.io/foo" --days-to-keep 90```

> ## Unit Testing

Reviewer: Thanks for documenting this, but I think that the unit testing section isn't really necessary.
